UNIFY-330 update plugin file references (#4120)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/guides/launching-browsers.md

For example, your web application might _only_ be designed to work in a Chrome
browser, and not inside the Electron browser.

> In the [setupNodeEvents](/guides/tooling/plugins-guide#Using-a-plugin) function,

Reviewer: Whenever we're talking about the`config` object, we should actually link to the `/api/plugins/configuration-api` page:

```suggestion
In the [setupNodeEvents](/api/plugins/configuration-api) function,
```

:::

When you open the Test Runner in a project that uses the above modifications to

> the [setupNodeEvents](/guides/tooling/plugins-guide#Using-a-plugin) function,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the setupNodeEvents function,
```
